Ethan Yong-Hui Goh
Software Development Engineer

Education
1. Bachelors of Science in Engineering. Duke University (2008 - 2012)
	Magna cum Laude, Graduation with Distinction in Computer Science
	Triple Major in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics and Computer Science. Gpa: 3.9/4.0


Technical Experience
1. 	2012 - Present	Microsoft Corporation	Redmond, WA
		Software Development Engineer - Lync Server
			Improved Lync Server・s reliability and performance by algorithmically partitioning the Social Graph of Lync Online to redistribute user load evenly across hardware. Helping decouple legacy code to transition from a shippable box product to a scalable online service in Azure.
			Redesigned Lync・s monitoring system to operate for large-service scale deployments of Lync Server. Architected the team・s alerting mechanism on top of the Office 365 incident management platform. Defined the engineering solution behind the service oriented organizational structure and served as the driving force in the team・s transition to a Dev-Ops service model.
		Summer 2011	Software Development Engineer Intern - Windows Azure Development Fabric
			Designed and created a scalable distributed full-text search system. Utilized open source search engine Apache Lucene and deployed an end-to-end service on Windows Azure.
		Summer 2010	Software Development Engineer Intern - Office Communicator Voice Group
			Created a Synthetic Transaction for the Silverlight web client to detect service outages.
2. 	2011 - 2012	Duke University Computer Science	Durham, NC
	Senior Thesis - Contour Simplification
		Investigated algorithms to simplify contour maps with respect to space complexity and visual appeal by operating on the underlying triangulation of a given terrain. Presented work at a poster fair and defended thesis against a committee.
3. 	2011 - 2012	Duke Chronicle Online	Durham, NC
	Project Manager - Director of Mobile Infrastructure
		Managed developers for an open-source NodeJS framework for online news sites. Developed the mobile version of the site using JQuery Mobile with a RESTful backend. Trained new members in server-side and client-side web development.


Leadership Experience
1.	2009 - 2012	Duke University Undergraduate Teaching Assistant	Durham, NC
	Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics Departments Classes TA-ed: Fundamentals of ECE, Signals and Systems, Datastructures, Operating Systems, Software Design, CS Theory, Linear Algebra, Multivariable Calculus.
		Conducted study-sessions, taught lab sections, held regular office hours and test-review preparations to assist students in learning and understanding the course material.
2. 	2006 - 2008	Military Service	Singapore
	Singapore Combat Engineers - National Day Parade Organizing Secretariat
		Engaged in outfield combat training. Coordinated cross-departmental meetings between various government agencies and managed logistical arrangements for parade rehearsals.


Technical Skills & Interests
	Computer Languages: Extensive Knowledge in C#, C++, Java, Javascript, Python.
	Computer Skills: Photoshop, Illustrator, Matlab, Mathematica, R, LATEX, Unix.
	Language Skills: Bilingual in English and Mandarin.
	Interests: Golf, skiing, basketball, volleyball, badminton, recreational coding, concert pianist and violinist.
